from our penultimate show here at meltdown comics in hollywood california
Harmontown is now in session
let's bring out Spencer Crittenden and anwarab shahab
ha ha no do it do it
and the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon
thank you thank you very much thank you
thank you happy easter hello jane how are you how are the accommodations
jane is staying at shea danadu uh there's no tv in that room though and also uh
nigel may piss on your feet uh we just read out yeah that's the booze closet is right
it's off of the guest room yes the uh uh nigel our adopted uh dog um he uh as opposed to harvey
who you had naturally what what what what was up with harvey
uh looks like you got a lot of microphones on those chairs there seems like you got plenty
over there where no one is i thought you guys were gonna have two mics over i thought that too
yeah that's what it sounded like well it's uh you know nigel uh he likes to burrow he's like
part sheet zoo he's a foot warm and dog you're blaming nigel for the lack of microphones
did he burrow through them late last night he burrowed down Cody was just starting to get
along with him they were just starting to like each other and uh he burrowed down to the bottom
of the bed and at some point during the night he pissed on her feet under the under the blankets
that's it that's my story about him i wasn't i didn't come here tonight to talk about that i
just like but so Cody hasn't learned to love or nigel yeah that was what i said that was the most
interesting part of that story no they but there's no love lost wait how does that how does that
expression work has there been any love gained there was you have to have loved there was no
animosity between the two it's just like it's just you know nigels can be a little bit of a piece
of shit like he's a he's a he's a he's a garbage dog he's a he's a he's a garbage you know he
causes trouble but when i was first settling down with Cody into a into a monogamous relationship
her first experiences with nigel were her having to scrub him in the bathtub because he darts at
skunks yeah like he like you know he's a he's a he's a he's a waste of space but but but but but he's he's
here in my life forever i would not have adopted one dog let alone two had i see nobody sees divorce
coming i would not look at myself and go like now there's a guy that should have two of anything
and while you're at it make a mammals that that with emotional needs and stuff but but but try
don't get distressed if you're listening to this as a dog lover i know i can't watch hoarders episodes
that involve the animals like i'll just like nope this one's got cats in it nope uh because i know
i the idea of an animal not being taken care of is very distressing right rob yes okay absolutely
so do not listen to this podcast and think oh is dan have attended to dogs that are like like eating
their own feet or anything like that they're not just his friends no i i throw a lot of money at
making my dogs they have a dog sitter who's not at the audio department who's rob steve
leaving informed me that there's a microphone flying in for you right now so you're going to
be well mic'd to uh to the audience's great detriment all right look i don't have anything
it's not like i have an act with a monologue what i mean this is this is sort of a farewell like
we're leaving the meltdown as a venue uh and this is our second to last show as you pointed out uh
and uh so we're saying goodbye to a place that's been our home for five years five years can we
ring the crickets and the people walking overhead yes you never heard the sound of the crickets
and the people go scrump scrump scrump well i never heard the scrump well look it's been five years
and we've been drinking a lot i'm sure a lot of stuff happened that i don't remember you never
heard the ghost of old man higgins haunting this place one thing i definitely remember
is everyone always saying they miss kumail nagyari
and emily garden
yeah oh
hello
oh goodness emily emily welcome back kumail the baby's crying kumail welcome back
two two guests the audience missed so much that rob had to sit on the table with no microphone
there's a lot of show tonight we have a lot of friends coming that's like you know let's bring
out the harlem globetrotters
wow that was great that was great i thought i thought metal like lemon was much taller than
that was particularly funny to anyone who's never seen the show before i don't know what
like like what was that guy what did they was that do they have the globetrotters here
but no theme song i was hoping you heard the theme song but i mean you know as i've pointed out
like emily you're the george washington of Harmontown like you you said to me at the roost you
should have a podcast and then i was like no i'd rather do a show and then i we've already talked
about this but you're you're the you're the you're the reason the show ever was here and existed here
because of your involvement with the meltdown also because this was a brand new space and like
i was desperately looking for shows and for like voices that didn't have like a stage
and this is what i thought needed needed a stage and needed an audience and i was just
remembering actually in the way here they remember the first show we ever had when at eight o'clock
when the show started i was at the grove at the apple store trying to buy something for your laptop
oh my god do you remember that because you wanted to like show a video because it was so important
yeah it's so it's so weird what i thought was important i remember like the first the first
couple weeks of doing shows here i would sit with dustin marshall after we started recording
in a podcast and i remember go over to his place once a week and sit for like four to six hours
don't add anything the ums and urs and if you listen to the first couple episodes maybe
you'll hear like a weird stilted i'm like what yeah because that's what this podcast that's it's
bread and butter is it's concision i don't i don't anyways but yeah at some point we just didn't
have the time to do that and it was like wait the standards are way lower than this obama just did
marron yeah anything could happen yeah but they did edit the ums and urs when obama did strikes
and the emails they deleted the emails and it was like 45 minutes of me at the apple store on the
phone with matt myra of all people trying to like figure out i jack i'm sure you remember this kind
of yeah and then i came back and i was like oh i'm so sorry dan i couldn't find the thing and you
were like that's fine i just want to play the video yeah i was like okay cool let's start the show then
i think that it was the only reason for whatever that equipment was is that the first show i did
here it wasn't podcast but it was like i had spent i stayed up all night designing this flag
on photoshop wait you did this this was like till three a.m and then you did this yes and you
haven't fixed it no no that's it that's its final form what do you mean fixed it's great well i i'm
so sorry i didn't um it's finished you know it's it's all dithered and shit well okay yeah all right
it's ain't bad it's cool yeah no it's cool it's right what does this mean uh a a uh a city a city
i'm acting like i can read laugh for for our listeners i'm just looking at the latin where
i try to remember what for our listeners we're talking about the uh the Harmontown uh poster
yeah i feel like it's a city a city founded without tyranny uh or society founded without tyranny
latin written without understanding is that really what it says yeah it says latin wow
intellect i bet that means understand yeah wow i mean i googled it sure i don't speak latin and
also would i be cool if i spoke latin i'd be some of feets not it is it's latin for it does not
translate uh anyways uh we're very excited to be back i love this duo right here you guys are like
the opposite but the same it's good i like like you in appearance you could not be more different
but in demeanor very close yeah well it's definitely shrouding and you hate to say it but it's like
remember the magnet with the the magnet the iron filings and it's like yeah oh with the iron filings
yeah i got all four and after Schrabs the default and then somebody had fun and made spencer okay well
somebody spent a lot of time and then somebody asked why can't we shook it in it and now you
got rob again yeah yeah i mean just a little that's uh that's funny that's good oh yeah it's good
anyways sorry no i like i like the idea of us both talking like similar like we're both going
because we're both sitting here you know yeah like that you're like the statler and waldo for
verma right exactly that is absolutely true so how's the movie going you go
what was the boo oh because they would boo oh were you trying to say this is a bad podcast it's bad
we're statling we're statling so sorry look we we have too much show tonight we can't really
technologically like handle how much show we have it's already buckling under the weight we're doing
great yeah we're doing good though right you guys are doing great yeah what's what's what's uh what's
going on you guys have a you guys have a hit movie no it's not out yet it's not out yet it's not out
yet don't say that that's a curse it'll be our june 23rd god himself could not keep this from being a
hit i'm counting my chickens and they're all chickens they're not because they're not your
chickens you don't care you can jinx them i i there are chickens it's our eggs and they're all
catberry eggs it's Easter delicious delicious i know right oh my god don't say that there's a lot
yeah you guys it's going up against fucking men who are spiders and apes that can talk and
fucking we're going up against a lot of cars that become robots and it's just a man finding a deeper
understanding and and pay watch when you say it's going up against them do you mean and yeah we're
battling them in what sense for you guys this is how hollywood works they put us in a room and make
us fight each other and then whoever wins wait what's the actual question well you're distributing
your own movies so some people are probably curious about that what do you mean by going up against
like we're opening the same day we're all going wide the same day as planet of the apes which is a
week oh don't do that that's bad oh my god don't do that don't do that don't do that that's like
the fish bank theory you should tell that to do that yeah okay i'll send an email motherfucker
i'm literally sweating right now um so we got we open wide july first it's a week after spider man
two weeks after transformers also the house which is a will ferrell amy polar comedy these are all
things for you know they call that hollywood they uh they call it the sweet spot right you guys are
right i like everyone's like getting scared here like oh no they shouldn't have done that is there
is there a different league you're allowed to play in if that would be your option good i'm not i
don't dwell in this dii feature world where i don't like it like is there like is there like well
a way to not have to well what we're doing is no because the movie theater is well we'll tell them
there's a couple interesting things that we didn't know that now so we're opening only three cities
and then we're going to slowly expand and they want to go up to like pretty big and you know
lions gate is releasing it so it's going to get if it can support it it'll get ultimately a pretty
big release but it's only starting like a lion like a lion roaring into your theaters yes but
there's a thing it's called cinema con and what you do is it's a convention and you go and all the
movie theater owners are there and you show them parts of your movie and you try and convince them
to play it in their theaters well there's two roles they'll have different they'll have celebrities
there that are there to like be like rewards for the cinema owners to be like oh my god you guys
are so great you get the rock and then they have us who are like just begging them to like look how
great we are you want to see this movie right put it in your theater so like we spent the entire time
they got wooed by the rock and then we begged them basically those are the two levels wouldn't you
say well you begged but you know they were very excited to meet me no they don't they don't give
a shit it was the rock and John Cena and then us and what was funny was the Amazon the Amazon is
the one who bought it but they're releasing it in theaters they had they had a thing they're like
we're going to do a sketch we're going to be like bring up the marketing head of Amazon and then
you come out and you've kidnapped the guy and I was like most people are just going to think oh
that's the marketing head of Amazon you do look like a marketing head that's true oh I guess that's
the guy he's slightly more comfortable on stage than you would think what is the third city
Chicago okay you know the second city is the third city the second city is the third city
but the plan is to keep yeah expanding as much as we can but yeah baby so those of you listening
Rob Schrab has gotten a microphone it's not working though it's fine perfect leave it exactly that's
great that's perfect it should not be hooked up to anything can we get less work can we get less
Rob in the monitors please okay so so today I was at a Dino's Easter dinner party and I was talking
to somebody that works at the star burns our studio our modest studio and I was running my
hands blithely through my locks because I was kind of high and then I was like like feeling
and then everyone's while I felt something like it was like wait what is there a bug in my hair
I don't know but it's not didn't feel enough like that it was probably a leaf I mean if it was a
spider and I touched it it'd be gone by now it or it bit me or whatever and then I keep I keep running
my hands through my hair and I'm just listening to the conversation and then and this story does
not go where you think it's gonna go I am I I've never been more excited for a story no it's gonna
disappoint you that you're gonna realize I was turned on my blithely through my locks so I finally
like touched something that felt it triggered my fingers to think that like I was like I did
feel like it's my body felt like I oh there's a there's something in my hair that's alive or
that shouldn't be there and my reaction was my honest to God reaction as I was talking to this
woman like I was just talking to her in a driveway and then I was like yeah and then she was like
like through it there was it turned out to be nothing but I would have if there had been
something in my hand I would have thrown it onto her so but from her perspective you were just
like hey hey yeah yeah she didn't she didn't I was surprised I was telling Dino later it was like
yeah I was talking to and like I guess she was like I guess she didn't know she'll never know
that I'm a horrible coward that would throw a bug on her if it was on my head oh wait what was it
it was nothing I don't know it was like I was high I was high and so I was like ah damn there was
that tree in the backyard that kept like like oh there's probably things falling off yeah there's
this little kind of like small brewery flowers that would come out so it was one of those that's
that makes that makes sense what what if it was a bunch of little dicks that's a valid question
well we gotta my favorite is his smug face after and look at that he's so happy like what if it was a
can we get camera seven and rub smug face right now that costs five bucks a month that that smug
face otherwise you just have to hear the free audio of what if it was dicks dicks in your hand
yeah okay what if what if that was you ever think about that yeah ran a mic out for him
but then dino said dino said no five people had to scramble to find out a way to get rob a mic
I had to make it worth it for that but then dino said oh no she no she's very low key she's cool
and I said nobody's cool with someone throwing a bug on them because she didn't react at all she
just thought I went there but she is cool and he's like no no no she's she's she's but what what if
you threw a bunch of little dicks at yeah all right let's bring out brandon johnson
well dressed this buck story is riveting yeah
hey you know it's yeah but then then what came up in that story was uh well whatever
now no no no get to it no well I can't because I named her my name now and then I but the like
because I will take the name I actually didn't hear the name oh okay all right yeah maybe we can
bleep out the name her name was Stephanie because then wait wait the one I thought was fascinating
is dino said yeah have you ever really talked to her like she uh she she uh uh is a christian to
to some degree like I don't I don't want to I don't want to invade this person's privacy or like speak
speak for their ideology how dare you but uh I think I think she's like a 12th degree question
he said he said she's like she's like a brown belt
he said she's very she's very low key and it's because it's because of her beliefs because I was
talking to her at one point it was like oh that was very nice of you and she's like oh please
you know if I didn't think God was watching I just put my foot on someone's face and just grinded
into the cement she said that but God is hearing you say that right but God's like that's the I mean
you know it's an extrinsic God he's like thank you for thinking that and then showing some restraint
I gotta take a poop I'll do it in the toilet I want to grind that person's face into the pavement
I'm gonna not do that God thanksgiving God is gonna go take a poop in the toilet all right like
he's like oh that's interesting I have to take a shit anyway that's what volcanoes are it made me
wonder is God taking a poop yeah is he upside down that's too he's inside there God is in the center
of the earth and his shit is like white hot right yeah because he because he eats so sexy yeah he's
all the sins that's what Pompey was they got cotton some shit more like poo pay anyway
little dicks little dicks hey little dicks sorry Kamel's gotta go here but Kamel Najiani everybody
he's very hurt my husband is very okay that shit doesn't scan we drove by a hot church today
you know the hot church the hot church the hot christian church there's a oh is that
is that when the girl puts her foot on the back of your head and then your dick goes in your own
butt and yes what are you talking about are you talking about mosaic yeah mosaic it's a very la
church that's like hot sexy like hipsters and hipsters wait is that the one on like we want to
make a right coming on highland or Hollywood and there's a bunch of like max a bunch of models
hanging out yeah and they're not inside worshiping god they're all outside getting phone numbers
and can I say something there was a step and repeat outside of mosaic when we were driving
here because it's Easter step and repeat is where you go to like stand in front of like a red carpet
they had like a red carpet in front of their church today forgot it's a holiday yeah and there
were girls in stripper heels and I was like let them let them worship too you know less G not be
judge unless you judge less G that's right just like my dad used to say well I guess that's what
I was your next answer is coming out rendering the season where there's diseases but get your
dollars out for Magdalene there were really hot people there super hot we were always hot people
no I make I make a right driving here all the time and sometimes I just want to pull over and start
going to that church everybody's good looking yes that's maybe the way it to christian and also
those people probably would grind your face into the pavement if they didn't think that there might
be a god that would prevent them from getting phone numbers as long as they're grinding it made me
it made me think too you know maybe we don't you know we kind of tend to look at like religion and
as problematic and go like well you know people that take it too seriously they get there they
think all kinds of things and they use it to justify like violence against people and oppression
and all this stuff but how much of it is the glue that holds our nation's many many stupid together
and just keeps them in their living rooms just and maybe keeps them away from the polls
wait the stripper or voting yeah which polls oh the stripper both Jesse Jackson and say both
you know I mean I look I've come around to the conclusion and I know I'm late on this one but
everyone's dumb like like like like most people are dumber than you and then I let a lot of then
you add into that what's it called the Dunning Dunning Kruger Dunner Kruger what Dunning Kruger yeah
I've been I've been having that spit at me on Twitter it's when you're an idiot you think that
everyone else is an idiot because you can't conceive of even average intelligence the the
dumber you are the smarter you think you are it's the Lake Wobegon effect they used to call it but
they actually kind of like where everyone's above average that thing that they they they
administered a test to everybody whatever a group of people and uh and then they said
last question how you think you did yeah and then they and then they create you know they've
mathematically proven that yeah the the the more wrong you are the right I'd say dumber because
the the interesting thing about the radio lab or not radio lab American life pieces that I was
talking about it was that went on to say it was like you could be this is just for anything that
you're dumb about like if Stephen Hawking went from astrophysics into how to administer a catheter
like like he within two weeks like he's not the guy I would pick even if I don't know much about
Stephen Hawking can I get a little help Stephen Stephen Hawking little help over here look at
look at Rob look at Rob I'll try to use less distracting examples by the way that was him
20 years ago but you would uh he would for all as smart as he is about black holes and as much as
he would probably say because he's super smart about black holes he probably assumes you and I
know more about black holes than we're capable of that's the other end of the effect is that
but he would also within two weeks of learning how to administer a catheter to like as a nurse I
didn't like like he would go you know what I got this I could teach this at a university
because he wouldn't know that much about it but he'd think well what it's like that's the that's
that effect is the dumber you are at anything the less you know the more the more certain you are
that you actually know it really does make sense and it's actually not that is that because you're
angry or hateful or bigoted it's actually just the nature of stupidity and intelligence makes
perfect fucking sense absolutely so now that we know that can we just kill all the dumb people
before they kill all of us that's been a show guys good night they're gonna kill us what that's
really scary because that means that there are no solutions right I mean it really means that
there's no way out oh it you know it's a horrible ringing indoors because they're just gonna get
more confident the less they know and then when you and then it doesn't it's not a huge billboard
for democracy no it really is not that's thinking about medical care let the masses decide uh well
most of us are so dumb we think cancer is a privilege I don't like they don't they're like
why should I pay for other people's cancer I'll never get it no but you're so dumb you're so dumb
you're gonna get cancer no I'm not I've thought about this for 30 minutes no but that's less time
than a doctor well that's the thing that's not to me about climate change and stuff where they're
like all these so-called experts yes they are experts this is what they study you want to be able
to play Minecraft that means other people have to spend a bunch more time than you think about the
fucking earth and shit that's right I don't know nothing about no taxes or Medicare or nothing so
just take my money yeah take my money when your fridge breaks down what do you do you take it to
a person who knows how to fix fridges that's right I'm glad we could agree as wealthy Americans
everyone needs to wise up and stop being dumb and just make a bunch of money and sit and play video
no it's all you have to do you guys it's all you have to do I think people have a right to be stupid
though if they want to be they do yeah but then don't be confident about it they should be more
ashamed they should be ashamed there was a culture in this country there is a culture in this country
where you are dumb and then you'd hear yourself say something and then you just soon you'd go like
oh I'm stupid oh whoa whoa and then you could go back in your basement amen go back in your basement
I hear what you're saying but I'm just saying people do have a right to be stupid and there's
nothing we can really do about it they have more than a right they control the fucking planet yeah
they are controlling the planet you're talking like we live in some Logan's run world where we
control carousel it's like wait where the crosshairs stop staring at me kumail I can't believe the
things you've said I do think I think it used to be that stupid people were and I hate I mean
people who thought themselves not as smart used to be ashamed of that fact and I do think there is
this idea now that like no that's somehow a right like a right that you no one can take
being ignorant has become like a positive trait it's interesting in America we're in the second
act of a Disney movie like blank check or or a gumdrop tree or or what if you had a car you know
like let's say like a Disney movie for for what feels like a kids fantasy where the second act is
like you could you mean rick dukeman left a blank check and I could now you have a party at my house
that it does the montage of like oh I have no grown-ups allowed there's a giraffe loose in the
backyard they're sick and they're sick and tired people are sick and tired of of all these smarty
pants is telling them they're stupid and now we're just living in the in the in the second act of
their their novel well what's gonna happen in action it's their novel right hopefully they're gonna
learn their lesson well they're gonna they should learn their lesson hopefully they'll like find
out that being teen wolf is not worth like your teammates not getting to play basketball I but what
happens and what happens in the third act of what if I had a car they run people over I mean
there's always a you know it's like wow yeah so what so what's gonna happen what do we do there's
no this I have never felt this I've always been very optimistic and I still feel pretty optimistic
overall but my optimism now comes from the fact that at some point we'll all die and earth will
regenerate itself and millions of years from now new life will start and it won't be look everybody's
so nihilistic well I've been focusing on my on my Cody like I'm we're just we're just so all we
know is that we have each other now and like we're just hoping that the missile hits like right on
my house I feel like because I don't want to have to shoot my dogs we were yeah we were literally
that's the first thing you're gonna do these dogs gotta go I don't know what's gonna happen
that reminds me we have to pick up like it was a hoax man it was a hoax because explaining to them
that what I think about explaining to my cat what's happening oh I am so jealous that she has no
fucking idea she's so happy right now she's just like why can't I go outside in the morning anymore mommy
yeah but imagine how stoked your cat would be if it really if you could really explain everything
to it because your cat would also be explained you mean I'm part of a selectively bred species doomed
to die of renal failure because the price the cost benefit ratio peaks out for my species and like
I'm gonna I'm gonna spend the last six months of my life trapped in a home walking around yowling
it but and and while you inject bags into the scruff of my neck like of cat fluid because I've
become nothing more than a cat shaped container for cat fluid isn't that what they always are but
then you go isn't that what a cat is a cat shaped container yeah but it's self-generated there's a
pride there I don't know shouldn't everyone adopt the Chinese kid but we don't uh we keep we keep
wanting it to look like us and the cats like yeah I wish it was my own cat fluid it doesn't like
that any more than we do but then you tell it like oh oh no there's a missile that's been launched
the cat would be the most stoked thing in your house because it would go like wait I get to go out
with humanity yeah instead of being we're all the same now a Chinese takeout container on your
mantle because you always meant to scatter my ashes yeah totally it's ultimate equality nuclear
warfare we're all the fucking same we were in Seattle and we were reading this thing that was
like don't worry if Kim Jong Un launches a missile it can only get to Seattle we were literally in
Seattle we were on the plane and I was like fucking take off right now I literally was
how long would it take for a missile from North Korea to get here it would take minutes but who
knows minutes I don't think that's true who knows I hope just long enough minutes
I like your response was it feels like what what feels right
then why does it take five hours to get to Milwaukee minutes minutes so it's like a
missile is super fast if I find out that the that the North Koreans can get to Seattle in
minutes and it takes me five hours to get to New York that's fucking bullshit I'd rather be blown up
well you now you know that so still Schrabs still Schrabs yes go ahead Schrab go ahead Schrab
his mic out of his own stand Schrab made the same observation with Milwaukee instead of New York
yeah well just moments before with the same amount of time you said five hours to Milwaukee
you said five hours to New York why is your plane slower I gotta stop in Las Vegas okay sure
because there's a layover to go to Milwaukee you can fly direct to New York
but I don't think yeah Las Vegas you gotta see Britney Spears her show's about to finish yeah
that makes sense but there is a comfort right to the idea of just like like just going away all this
horseshit disappears just having a final countdown like lighting a candle with your girlfriend and
like like this is it we have an hour left what do you want to do fuck I never finished Sopranos
we never even started Sopranos yeah it'll be like some kind of like what we got two hours to kill
what do you want to watch yeah it'll be like I'll be like well we should watch gone with the
wind I never watched that 45 minutes arguing about what yeah I'm gonna get anything I want fried
rice fried rice yeah donuts fried rice oh my god I don't know if anyone I'm actually getting
excited for the apocalypse yeah I don't want to make me so hungry to die yeah I don't want to live
through it I don't want to be on a wasteland fighting cannibals or gasoline I want to go yeah
yeah I don't want to use my teeth for money yeah yeah
can I get across the ferry sir that nobody gets across the ferry without paying homage to
Armoral Armoral his name is Armoral Armoral Armoral oh you're Armoral he keeps your seat shiny
and the apocalypse a lot of tires aren't shiny enough by the way teeth is a pretty good because
it would have to be something that there's a limited quantity of like what I do with the teeth
though and pre-radiation precious like what do you do with them oh in the future it's for currency
it's money yeah yeah in the future teeth are like pearls and you can wear beautiful necklaces to
show people how far you've gotten in life oh it would only be scarcity that you'd be training on it
would just be like well I know that these are worth I have eight times as much as it's only what the
dollar is it's what if it was a bunch of little dicks that's right in the future the currency will
be a bunch of little dicks that would be like a hundred dollar bill yeah what is the exchange rate
between a bunch of little dicks and some teeth you don't want teeth of your dick so sorry by the
way you can catch Kumail in Mass Effect Andromeda yes I am in the is that game good I haven't played
it I'm not I just started playing it I it seems a little chunky like in terms of loading isn't it
like a little don't fat shame the game man I'm fat shaming its memory drain or something like
if you're a console game I shouldn't be experiencing like you're load shaming it what what load load
load shaming you're because it takes a load shaming it yeah yeah you like that yeah but I mean
I was like I don't know why it is like I've been on an airplane and saw some movie there's a Franco
and a Hiblitz or something and then there's you like like a thing it's like I'm like oh there's
Kumail well yeah I mean what what did I think I was gonna see him doing you know it's like oh he's
in a movie that's his job comedy movie but then when you're playing a video game and you hear
your friend's voice it's like really weird it's like it's closer to if you were in a porn movie
that I was watching like actually I was in a movie called Mike and Dave need wedding dates and that's
yeah I was very pornographic yeah is it I've been afraid to play it I you know I asked to be in it
I there was like a developer of Mass Effect who would like talk to me sometimes and I was just like
fuck it what's the point yeah I would so I just DM'd and I was like hey can I be in it and it's
totally fine if you say no and then I'm the president in the game but now it kind of sucks
because now I don't want to play it because I'm like what if I fucked it up and I fucked up my
like favorite video game so I'm like very nervous to very nervous to play it I mean you know it's
a Mass Effect game the only thing you're gonna ruin would be a conversation between right upgrading
your armor it's like god damn when I fucked up massive yeah well they made me program the whole
thing okay so it was very it's a little chunky yeah it was very racist of them to assume
that I would be the guy for it but you did it I did it I figured it out I went on Wikipedia
I could never figure out the chunk problem is the is the uh how far in are you how many
hours two minutes okay so I show up that early well you're in the I'm not spoiling anything
I you know your character not your character the royal you your character in Mass Effect the
protagonist uh is uh you know it has there's a little kind of a pathfinder where a thing happens
that's like kind of a disaster and it puts you in charge and so you're then you come in shortly
after when he's sort of like you have to figure out oh I guess I'm the new boss and then you're
checking in with your crew is this a game where you get to design your look yes yes I thank you
for bringing that up I because I want to know we're just talking about what is wrong with me
because I'm I I can't because I I made a character and I gave him like and I was like well I'm gonna
give myself like gray hair because I want to like be old and be in this game turns out it's not an
option you have a dad that's like so I just gave myself gray hair but I'm like younger than my dad
but yeah but but but like I always I try to make it look like myself yeah and then and then but
Justin Roiland co-creator Rick and Morty season three coming to a time time era near you uh the
the uh Justin like I remember going over to his house when he was playing Skyrim and it was like
what the fuck and it's like yeah no I always do I was just trying to make the person look as
fucked up as possible I'm like so he like he just made he just tried to take with you however close
together the eyes can be however wide the ear you know he'll just make every extreme choice and like
come up with this like weird potato man that like and it makes so much more sense to me and while
I'm making my character in Mass Effect there's some really impressive hairstyles and one of them was
like this very like frode out thing so I had already created I'd already made it look a lot like me
to me as much as I could but then then I was scrolling through the hairs and one of them was
just was like bam like this like powerful fro like like but all tangled not like not like like a
like a statesman in the 70s like a like a like like like this guy was like had bigger fish to
fry spiritually and uh and and it was so funny it made me laugh out loud but I didn't use it
and it was like why am I not following my joy literally anything but you're like no no that
wouldn't be true to the character exactly it's like I didn't want to throw I don't want to come
as close as I can I agree with you I don't I think if you want to set out to make yourself
then make yourself and don't give yourself a fro but what is that narcissistic impulse we're playing
games because we want to be someone else right here I'll defend myself it's because it's because
I think the ironic thing is me like I'm Woody Allen when I'm in the during the Russian revolution
so like that's why I figure the bigger laughs are to come if it looks just like me which by the way
it can't because as as Cody Cody watch the room I said did I make it I try to make it look like
me and she saw it and then she laughed and was just like you can't you can't so you you can't
make them fat like you can't that's my problem with video game you can never make them fat I
want to make them fat I think a lot of people have had serious kind of uh emotional breakdowns
designing their bodies in these games oh we had a we we we did one where I was trying to
make myself for this basketball game and she was giving me advice on what to do and we almost got
into a very big fight it was a mistake I was like that's not how I look and she's like move the
eyes closer together Emily Emily I will say that you could fat her face Emily you found other ways
to say those things this is what I'm talking about when you're having to pick your body type
for a video game it's it can be a very it's a good a confrontive thing to do for your emotional
so I say always make something weird always be a capper do you spend I get sucked in if I have four
hours to play a video game which is like a big deal oh my god I found four hours yeah and it's
one of those games where prepare to dock with the space station bop bop bop oh uh check the
mirror see if your face looks all right blip and then uh-huh three and a half I mean I'll I'll
yeah the whole time every time you try to make it look like you is that right or every time you yeah
I don't yeah I've never really until unless there's been maybe some games where it was so so clear
that I couldn't make it look like me at all that I was able to just make some decision in my head
that it didn't have to be me but mostly I'm just like trying to make it look like me I think that's
good I think that's totally good if you're playing this game you're in the game it should
look like you I totally agree with you and I I I try and do that too except when Emily's around
because that's not good for the basketball game you literally couldn't go as short like in the
lowest height they had they literally like in the basketball game I couldn't get to my height so I had
to be one inch taller than I am and they wouldn't let me be my actual age and I they wouldn't let me
be my actual age so my dream is over that I'll ever end up in the NBA like even they're like
and you had you had to be on a different HBO show yeah they were like you gotta be on Veep to
play this game they should have by now they should they should I guess it's because there's there's
not a standard technology yet because it wouldn't know what their private industry isn't incentivized
to do this but we have the technology long to do anything yeah you could be at a mall or something
and you'd go like oh oh I should get one of those because I play a lot of video games one of those
being you step into a kiosk and they just do a scan oh and then you just walk out with a file
that every game that's based on an avatar of a human being it's always you so it's always hilarious
but then you get to see what you actually look like no that's really funny I mean believe me I try I
go to Cheeks it's like I try but it's like that's why it always stops at some weird place where it's
like the game has decided you need to be athletic but I want to look like a bowling pin with Randy
Quaid's head on it what's the what's the machine look like that you do you step in and like a booth
or do they like a bunch of little dicks it's like it looks like a take give you like a hulu there
should be a setting for like a hot bruce valence or a sexy russell croak in the booth is there a
booth talking about the booth right now obviously it looks like a ticket booth when you catch all the
tickets or dollars tsa it's tsa tsa booth it looks like a tsa booth it looks like a say you gotta
put your arms above your head do you have to go like this is your character so below your head the
whole time do you do you keep your clothes on yeah that's a good question actually no your butt looks
like you put on like a special like blue like like neoprene bocaps suit yeah I bet Rob you could
make yourself in a video game oh Rob I bet you would be easy you'll be the default yeah I can never
be like the starter guy you're like done yeah the crash test dummy yeah you know it doesn't even
have the option I never yeah it's like this guy's not wearing shorts like he he doesn't have a beard
it's terrible they don't have good beard options they don't have you know there's never like if there's
a male ponytail or even just you know you can pick female hair options as a male character holy
shit that's better than most games I play it's just like I always look like a weird like Cheech and
Chong like cigar Indian kind of guy I think so you try to make yourself look like you too well I
can't I mean you would like to I would yeah but I had to compromise it's just never occurred to me
and I don't know if it's because I'm a I don't know if it's because I'm a lady and I never had the
option up until also now we're all sexist we just exactly thank you but I I mean to me I never
played video games to be me I played video games to be someone else because I never had the option
to be me until recently but I think that I think I think there's just a real distinction there
would I be shocked if we found out you could cross reference it with with gender of modern gamer
I wouldn't be shocked to see there's a correlation of the data but but I also think it's it just
seems to me I just think oh this is I'm a narcissist I'm just like look it's a negative word
narcissist but well we didn't pull them and say how many but it's not going to be an honest poll because
be honest because there's be honest there now it will be an honest everyone close your eyes if
you're in it if you're in a third date and you brought her to Harmontown first of all uh don't do
that bad bad third date but you're not going to be like yes I'm a narcissist I don't know I mean
maybe no but I don't think I I'm not saying that because you want to make yourself in a video game
you're a narcissist okay well okay but I put that in their heads I as a like all right so
by applause when you play video games that let you design the character how many of you strive
to make it yourself that's a solid number let me call that 50 percent of the there's American
public cat people yeah cat people about a bunch of little dicks or vaginas but but again be be
honest like how many you would always design your avatar or your player to be something totally
different than you but they're more extroverted people so they sound like more people I would
call that 40 60 though I mean like yeah it's pretty close a lot of little dicks it almost sounded
like like like half and half but the people that are more extroverted altruistic that are like I
want to be someone else I'm selfless I'm a wonderful person I mean I'm not a big that's a very good
point what he said was it's because I hate myself but but he did say it out loud in a room full of
people yeah I mean yeah and then you yeah then you subdivide that tree into if when you get to a
point of hating yourself when do you consider yourself a biological weapon that you fling at
people but I guess we're mostly not trunk voters like wait was I like but that's like that's that
troll culture of like of like you know what I'm so gross society's not made for me I'm gonna
fling myself on you like multiple migs and a fucking reference that is what trolls are they
weaponize themselves and just like fling themselves yeah look how gross I am that's why
that's why the smart people can be into Donald Trump I'm not saying it goes tanned in hand but
I'm saying that's why it's possible for that archetype to exist because if you feel enough
like you know the prom queen's always winning and let's see how she likes it and it's like
the more the more he misspells tweets the more he like reveals himself there's a it's that that's
that connection however I think his his revealing that he has no interest in net neutrality and also
once everyone's I know I think he's losing his computer troll demo because he doesn't really
stand for anything obviously and so that that's been like it's so I mean there's so much why don't
you stop talking about politics get back to doing a podcast hey you know that uh fate fate of the
furious did really well this weekend now that's what I'm talking about yeah that's why I come to
this podcast I want to hear about recent movies out did that force awakens that uh fate of the
furious uh all right that's that car movie yeah he won get over and get back to your podcast tell
me about the fate of the furious now Dan like when we started with uh with uh Sharpie and quark
back a long time ago in dnd you you you picked like fighter character like like you want to be
like a like a tough warrior character a furious one what and fast so like but like attribute-wise
you want to be somebody else but physically you want to still like if you could draw yourself in
that world it's you I have you can and he did for harm for Harmon quest I assume you had a say in
the design of your character that looked like you well I had a say in the fact that it's funny if
you're doing like like recognize the formula need the people need to look like the people but but
the uh but in point of fact that when we played dnd here pathfinder uh uh and in heart all that
stuff I've made a conscious effort to not like I don't try to I haven't played like stealthy assassin
coward characters which I usually um I uh note taken like because I because I actually was like I
didn't have that thought in my head I was like well when you played when you were a kid you always
were like engaged in this weird like oh you're the it's it's you as the coolest guy in the world
like that's gonna be your character and then when we started playing uh up here I was like yeah
why don't you do what normal people do and play like a fantasy character that you aren't you know
so be like a yeah I don't know like a warrior but that's why I want to be like a cleric when we
start playing again like a holy person because I want to split the diff and have the right to be
wrong about shit yeah and not good at stuff by the way we are Dan and I have drawn characters up
with Spencer we are starting up a new uh role playing thing coming up we just wanted to we
want to time it with our move to the new for a Harmontown oh wow when we go to the other new
space we're gonna actually kick off a whole new campaign wow how how do you feel about moving
Dan are you having any sort of emotional feelings emotional feelings as opposed to
unemotional feelings are you having any sort of emotions what feelings are you having and what
emotions well I I don't know you know I guess I guess I have like a weird uh intellectual
version of an emotion which is that I feel like do you I don't know like I feel like I'm supposed
to feel stuff and that makes me feel oh no you don't have to no no no I'm just I'm not I'm not
saying you're making me pressuring me to have feelings I feel when I think about it I feel
like I'm supposed to feel things and then that makes me feel sad just like the remember when
the sleep with me our friend came on the podcast that you weren't here but uh it's just part of
my endless quest to fill your fucking vacuum um uh we had a we had a guy in here shut up uh
uh everything's been fine since you left I've always been here dad but sleep with me guy he was
he did anyways he was we were talking about what is he was so close to hitting that new
kumail role in our team who is this we were talking about a chorus line the musical it
doesn't matter don't get distracted by any of my tangents we were talking about a chorus line
the musical and the character in that musical who has that song about how she feels nothing and then
and the nuances of that about how feeling nothing around actually be the most emotional experience
you have that's how I feel about meltdown and meltdown said do you well you've been here for
five years and you've done lots of shows and I don't break down in my podcast heart and thought
I've been in this room for a long time yeah and I look at the pillars that are always in the way
and I and I said to be a comic and I feel nothing but but but but your show's not going away so it's
you don't have to feel like we stopped doing our show in october we did it for six years
okay how do you guys feel you just heard about it yeah what is your feeling like what's your
emotional well I was like a bunch I was I was sad when it happened but now even though it's only been
a few months it's kind of to me this sucks it kind of feels like it never happened it's this
weird thing where when I like every now and then I'll get a ghost of a feeling of what it felt like
to do that show but for the most part it feels like it never happened like it's sad but okay
another mpr piece uh if you these people that have uh uh hu hu uh superior here fuck like why
does it come fucking come superior this my own life graphical memory or something like that uh-huh
suit sumac it's they have some it's very similar to photographic memory but they have just like
instant recall of any detail from their own life they're not always a hundred percent accurate but
if they that they they can remember every day and every moment and so you spend this time like
super jealous of them because how could that ever be bad and uh like like they can be like oh what's
the best season of friends well I'd have to go back to episode that that's like holy shit that's a
superpower you must be great in a writer's room you would be great at everything you do you'd be
great in a relationship you forgot aha they remember every fucking relationship they remember
how in love they were like it was yesterday all right they don't they're not able to forget the day
it turned from good to bad they're not able to forget how how how it felt to to to to be willing
to die for somebody and then and then to feel that same way about another person uh two years later
so they're both and they're just like they're haunted by well that's the thing part of getting
over something is having to forget some of it you kind of want time is best served ever coldening
very like you kind of like life right life is something that you want to happen right now
not a while from now right a minute ago you want to you want it to even though it seems to go a
huge waste you kind of want to die uh like like eventually you want to have and then when it thinks
you're going forward and you have an emotion that feels like when you felt before that's how you
end up feeling connected to like this like this deeper current of like whatever the emotion is
like you and that's a lovely feeling I think when you get just that hint of like oh I've felt this
before whether not it's pain or like happiness or whatever it is like that's the shit to me that's
like that taps you into the ocean when you have an emotion now that reminds you of an emotion that
you had it's such a it's a big thing in therapy to be like okay when have you felt this way before
because often it you're actually reacting to something that happened like five clicks back
in your emotions but you're just still you haven't dealt with it yet so it's just coming up now
oh wow I have my my therapist obviously we got missiles are about to drop on us and all the stuff
so you know she's so who needs therapy yeah so there's a lot of anxiety and like like I don't
know for me it's also like I'm 44 and I'm like I'm right I'm right in the fucking crevice I'm right
in the tile grout between the bathroom tile where you're part of the brotherhood of man
not to be exclusionary but and then the the bathroom tile where you're kind of one of
these old fogies that we all hate that archetype that's just like well fuck off young folks get
off my lawn and enjoy Medicaid or whatever like and you're kind of like just like this isn't my
battle you wouldn't hire me anyway you're agist and like just like I'm getting close like like
where I can like start ignoring the world and claim that I lived my life and pay my dues but
I'm yeah I'm right in between there and I never did shit for anybody the first go round and so
I was explaining this to her I'm like I don't know when to care and when not to care I don't know
if that's like I feel like the nerve endings deadening in my soul I said like but at the same
time I feel like I'm remapping my neurology now I care about people but now I'm just realizing
how fucking dumb they truly are and my therapist said like she's like let me tell you the story
joke I heard and she says so there's this cop and he's walking and and then there's a there's
he sees this drunk guy stumbling around in the dark and and the cops goes up to him and says
uh hey what are you doing uh what's going on I'm a cop and the guy this this therapist is
terrible at telling jokes and and the guy says like well I'm I'm I'm drunk and I lost my keys
I'm trying to find my keys I can't find them and the uh and the cop says uh well where was the last
time you saw them where'd you have them where'd you lose them and the guy says oh back over there
uh uh you know down the down the block there and uh the cop says why the hell aren't you looking over
there and the guy says well this is where the light is uh and I said and I said to the therapist
who believe it or not told the joke pretty much that way that wasn't me I was like well there was
a lot of pipe in that fucking first act like are you sure we shouldn't fade into the police academy
when the the cops like uh but none or more I thought about it I'm like oh I'm the cop that's
what she was inviting me to the atonement with the stupidity like you go you go wait a minute this
person dunning dunning Kruger effect whatever like you go uh oh this person doesn't get it
they don't know that they should they're not going to find their keys over here just because this
is where the light is but there's darkness all around us and everyone's drunk and everyone's
stupid and if you are privileged enough to be a cop it means that you knew somebody or lived long
enough to like get a badge and you're walking around and part of your job is to like help people
and like you like they're dumb but you don't have to like you know that that story wouldn't it wouldn't
make sense if the cop pulled out his night stick and started beating that man in the head it all
makes sense like it is what would happen on facebook but it wouldn't it wouldn't if you were that
cop you wouldn't do that it wouldn't make sense because he's only just stupid he's not doing
anything like wrong or and I was like oh yeah I guess and I was like what you but isn't that nihilism
isn't that just kissing cousins with nihilism and isn't that what the bad guys think nothing
matters so let's just fuck shit up and she's like well you can spend your meaningless life
doing whatever you want you can care about people or you can you can hurt them and I was like oh
like a video game like which is what we do when we're disconnected like some people enjoy their
disconnection by hurting things and when I play video games I tend to go like oh I get it that
fucking prostitute I shouldn't have hit her with a baseball bat like like like you wait but are you
so bitter with the baseball bat I shouldn't have hurt her I was learning what the buttons did
that's what they all say that's what they all say the fan says it to you ladies do not listen to
that shit get out of there get out of there that makes it easy to hit a prostitute with a baseball
bat yeah it practically happens by default there's a but there's a button that makes you pick up a
baseball bat and hit a prostitute if you are holding the X it's the X button anyway it's a square
actually no but like I remember playing half-life the first half-life and the first half of half-life
one fourth life it was quarter life there was a scientist that was like I remember like are you
not gonna react to it I'm still here I'm sorry anyway I was I remember like it took me there was
a scientist in my way or something and I had to like I had to shoot I had to shoot him with a
shotgun and I Schrab are you gonna miss meltdown yeah sure yeah what are you gonna miss most about
him yeah you crying no I did my spit went down the road it's 9-11 uh this is the only room where
people are like 9-11 Emily and Camille uh like you guys have been in the longest this is your
place like you guys well we haven't we kind of like October is when we did our last show here
and we haven't really been here that much it was weird for me where this place is like I have like
a lot of memories about like theaters like like like places you've performed yeah but this place
because it's this low dark ceiling it's like it's a little weird like outer space little like
like box I'm not gonna look back on this and be able to draw it's it'll just be empty space
and looking down and seeing Spencer over there and seeing Brandon here and you guys here
down this line and then the first three rows of people here for better or for worse
and this space is like the opposite of an Indian burial ground it is and this space is magical
it is absolutely magical and the most positive yeah well the first time I came in here when we
were visiting Los Angeles we came here because a friend of ours said that there was a show here
and I walked in and I was like I just want to be here and the first time I went to that room in the
back I I'm like uh yeah it's actually we just walked in because there was a comic book shop
because we ate across the street and then when we were here we heard the show yeah we came back
here and we won't watch the so does that mean the shows that are new place are gonna suck no but
you'll consecrate it no but what I will take away from this place uh is not like any of it like the
architecture or the geography of this place it'll really be like uh people memories not not physical
like spatial memories but I bet there will be like like the smell of the place at some point
years from now you'll walk in here and you'll be like oh my god I didn't know that this place
smelled like just the feel of the air conditioning yeah or like the fucking cricket you know the
cricket a fucking cricket and by the way there were extra poles here there used to be extra uh
there used to be extra poles here that we got removed but when we leave here what happens to
this room like when this is not a theater anymore it cools off a little I'll tell you that for nothing
sure like will this be used as this might be a restaurant still be shows here I think what will
this who's buying this place who what's it going to be oh I don't know I don't know and even if I
yeah is somebody buying the place I don't know why we're leaving I've never really asked that
Dan Dan why don't Dan you should buy the place I think we've I think we've overstepped our bounds
just the back room though I will say that I will say that it has been my dream for a while to
move into a venue that was just like the equivalent of I would liken it to
taking a fish from an aquarium putting in a slightly larger aquarium simply to make sure
we're not stunting the fish's growth not because we want the fish to turn into a something amazing
but just to just to let organic activity continue to take place like like and part of that is like
the bandwidth the various like technological things that are kind of boring to talk and think about
but as we've been doing the the live stream I've just been seeing a potential to like
complete a feedback circuit that where the people that are watching the show can be reacting to
like the odd thing that we throw up whether it's a chart that the audience made or a I don't know
I don't really want to get it like I'm gonna sound like I'm pitching some dumb show like to but but
I just I just have me a feedback circuit right now what we have is the ability to show the people
at home like if you know if we if we gave Kris Boruff a photo ahead of time I could go cut to
that photo and he'd go Roger sir I need cut to that photo I want to get to a place where we can go
so then so well anyways yeah but I took a picture of this lady at the bank and then I that's a bad
example I'm gonna like harass somebody at the bank but like there's a picture of my dog pissing
on my girlfriend's feet and then I'll like like pull it up as a better example and then and then
everyone's looking at it at the same time and it's just sort of like like graduating us from a
viewer access cable to late night cable talk having shot three seasons of a tv show here I can say
that it is it has its limitations for sure and you have to like we brought in extra generators we
had to bring in like stuff just to like keep it going for sure it wasn't built you had to bring
in a cricket assassin to to get rid of the cricket we didn't we left the cricket in that's a cricket
you can't I mean they're literally you could look for the cricket for years there's no way to find
that yeah they're in the ceiling how long do crickets live it's definitely like the great
grandchild of whatever cricket it was from the oh it's like the phantom like it gets passed on
that was god damn it you made it yourself for that one that's such a oh nobody knows the phantom
are you talking billy you talking billy zane slam evil phantom yeah but i'm talking about like the
comic strip oh okay i thought you were maybe robert england nobody about the mall kind of no no no
but i am talking about that phantom the good news uh spencer uh at the new space your table's gonna
be farther away and lower and i think farther behind everybody they're gonna dig a pit and you
won't have a mic uh you will you will just know you're there i'm learning a semaphore is that what
it's called huckle hey what when somebody asks you if something's in their teeth and they go like
this uh it's like and they they've thereby revealed that they have so much confidence in their teeth
to begin with like like they're just like do i have something in my teeth and they go uh and it's
like well i either they do or they don't but in any case they have beautiful teeth no matter what
and then and i go like no you don't have anything your teeth and then i and then i'm like well i
could have a million things in my teeth but whether i do or don't my teeth are gross i will never go
like this for anybody well by the way you've done it four times well i'm doing it for you know now
it's for as long as it's for entertainment you think your teeth are gross i think my teeth are gross
that's something i've never heard anyone say and i know a lot of people who hate them like nobody
looks like the 70s hulk teeth like they're yellow they're just yellow teeth yeah my teeth are yellow
i think a lot of people get or not get confidence from teeth what are you saying brennan oh i love
my teeth i also hate that move i when people do that well it's not a move i'm i don't know i just
say i feel i get the same reaction yeah it just it just it's amazing the other person is fine like
they should they've got beautiful teeth and i just like but then i just like oh my god i don't understand
my own teeth are in my teeth always it doesn't matter and i just don't make something take
a napkin and i go like this i just what and i i'm not gonna let them in on that on on my
my mouth i look like i'm a monster it's hard to live in los angeles because people all have
beautiful cosmetic thousands of dollar teeth and feet these are the things that if you see them
in a headshot it's like man that person oh really i hate people like people that like share their
feet on their headshot they're like look at me yeah hey uh emily emily uh do do i have something
in my toes right now i feel good about my feet i feel pretty confident in my feet but i don't
with my teeth like even though i've had we started going to a dentist who was great
and then they got bought by a cosmetic dentist person yeah so now they're all different like
they're like um so you think the like what did he told you that my teeth were gentle
jacked up i've been going to this place for years and they were like great and they're like oh your
teeth are great great check up and then i went in and they were like well we have this new owner
and this new doctor came in he was like your teeth are jacked up and i was like that's not nice
but i did let them talk me into getting my teeth whitened with like a laser most painful thing i've
ever had done in my life and i've had lung surgery and it weakens your teeth so like it's beautiful
but they're more likely to chip yeah they're whitening them by shaving off a layer of yellow
tooth and for days afterwards i would get like these pains that i would just do where she really
would it was like um it would be like uh it was like you but with no bug in the hair uh she really
was i'm very confident in my teeth cavity wise i could go to the dentist and they go like oh you
don't have any cavities and stuff but i just think they look like little kernels of gnarled
corn you gotta see movies from the 70s though that's so true because jesus yeah those teeth are
fucked up and they put white pancake wicker man fancy if you put white any british film holy
yeah why is it like that why is that stereotype like because because uh world war two that they
had no fluoride there was a lot lack of vitamins and so teeth weren't really a priority that there
was uh children were raised with no vitamins and the teeth were really weak so so laugh it up
wow but why does that go down to like our british friends who are younger than us like
why shouldn't they have fluoride by now i think they just gave up they just found out well hey man
you could be fucking james bond and not give a fuck and it turns out you don't need it yeah
yeah well yeah i mean it's only a cosmetic thing i just find myself uh thinking about teeth when i
see some of a beautiful gleaming teeth chiclet teeth though sometimes i like and by the way you
know dentist you know like look there's a ton of really cool it's just like cops there's probably
more good one more good dentists than bad dentists but there it is like a very if you want to be
corrupt and work anywhere near medicine dentistry is like Erin McGathy worked for one 800 dentists
and like she i don't know am i gonna get in trouble but but no you're okay i think i think she's she
must have talked about it but like it was like the corruption that like like like like they just like
tell old ladies you need veneers and like they take their social security money and stuff like
the the yeah i just remembered that she gave me her email address once and it was it was like
erin at one 800 dentists and i was like you sure about this one you just gave her email address
i don't think she uses it anymore try email her see what happens wow but yeah that's a fucked up
industry yeah like this dentist then to me would be like yeah you know your your if i did this your
your smile would be better i was like what fuck you the perfect smile i like my dentist i have
like my front teeth are kind of like the front two go in because of baseball hit me when i was a
kid and this one over here it's like jags out because uh i have that too like that one sticks
out because diana matter was seen in my sophomore year of high school not scary farm ran into me at
like a haunted house and she knocked my tooth up into my head so this one sticks out dear up a bit
didn't hurt her at all she moved my tooth into my brain and she didn't get a nick what part of her
body did that top of her head oh god you would think that would cut a person she she was dazed but
fine my tooth went no and so just like last week i went to the dentist and they gave me an x-ray
like this like super duper tron x-ray where you can see like i saw you posted it yeah it was weird
it's really weird it was like a 3d rendering and they're like okay that you might have a
a future abscess on this one tooth right there oh i'm like there i go the one that sticks out that
one here i go yeah i said well i got hit there really hard once and they go okay that might be
trauma maybe that's why but it might be an abscess in the future but they wait are they like pre-cods
about tooth well they're saying that they they saw like a little dark spot above that tooth
i go well that's the one that sticks up there they go yes this dark up there i said well i got nailed
there a long time ago and they go oh that might be just that could just be trauma that you might be
fine but or you might get $50,000 surgery yeah but one of my doctors said you know if you want
because you're you're an actor like we can have that straightened up for you and the women that
that clean the teeth are like don't do it like like leave your teeth weird like like like like
leave your teeth weird leave your teeth weird yeah almost always nobody like perfect teeth are a
little dreary a little dull but you notice i don't know but sometimes you see someone with
perfect teeth and you're like that looks great there's like a hot there's like a it's true like
sometimes i'll have a friend who you he said i'm gonna go get my teeth straightened why not like
don't do it don't do it and then they come back the next week you're like you look great yeah it's
like a it's like a hotening i think it happens to actors actually more than actresses but you'll
if you go back and look at uh what's jesse from Breaking Bad Aaron Paul if you look at him early
he's like a guy if you saw him in the street be like all right fine they did something to him
yeah it happened to Jake Gyllenhaal too he used to be a weird looking little dude and then at some
point they just like put him in a machine and he came out like a hot actor they have a captain
america machine that they're exactly they're like Chris Pratt we all know oh yeah what happened to
Chris Pratt he just went into settings and like changed some sliders and now yeah he looks like a
fucking superstar with your teeth and then somehow your eyes get wider like they do a bunch of things
huh that's yeah the the winner of all is tom cruise that's right he fucking had his front tooth
over here and top gun his teeth are like real yeah but then he was famous for being handsome for a
while and was part of his personality he was the most handsome guy in the world with hands down
but have you seen him the most the he's got a balloon head he's he did he looks so weird
it happened to him i'm on tom cruise's side robin redford tom cruise doesn't look weird what
do you mean he's done something he's he did something he's got a balloon head it's like a
head spread it's that we go years between seeing him so the next time we see him he's like three
years old but he does have some Scientology stuff going on for sure it was the second jack
reacher thing like no Scientology what the Scientology puts puff puffer fish in his face
yeah no they they use bats that are like um they're legal but they're like um uh stem cell
face washes i'm not joking what yeah they're ruining tom cruise i mean i'd like to see him get
old i'd like to watch her get old but i think it's like when wrinkles start they want to like
you got to fill him in and if you have a balloon that's like losing air you blow it back up you
know what i mean like that's what they're doing stem cell baths there's a bath of stem cells i'm
telling you there's a face thing you can get with stem cells you can get a hand wash
stem cell next to the sun face i like any like you can get a stem cell facelift any there you go
yes but that's just a facelift any famous actors or especially actress what when the like the uh
the critter is so like demanding to be perfect in every possible way oh yeah when you see somebody
famous with with flawed teeth or or a wonky like her nose that goes a little bit this way or like
something unusual and something asymmetrical that's sexy that's like ryan gosling's wonkai
kid whoa oh what are you talking about no that wonkai it's nice why does the show always
get so shallow when you come on it emily gordon you drag the show he's talking about his teeth
attractiveness uh yeah well she wrote a book about uh she wrote a book just for ryan gosling
about how to have higher self-esteem i mean i don't look in the mirror it is it is weird the
line between the stuff that we would do or not do like i like like what qualifies is like uh
dishonesty and honesty like yeah for men if we start losing our hair if we if we seek to do
something to make it look as if we still have it there's a stigma there that that's like well
it's a zero-sum game you get away with it or you're a horrible person for trying right you gotta
start early and and and it's like and so you're you're you're gonna go to either side of the
place it's like like like you know i've known Schrab for 25 25 years jesus christ i met you when
you were 18 he was he was bald when i met him yeah like like he was just out of college and uh so i
gotta yeah we we Schrab has looked the same for 25 years no no if you if you find a photo of him
with any hair it's so gross you want to puke what was your hair like i agree what was your hair like
what was i hair like what was your hair like it was like parted down the middle and feathered back
it was like my mass effect character but yeah anyways whatever we were it's i it just it's it's
interesting the stuff like like oh that part just kept getting every part of your every part of your
body that has anything to do with well humanity because all of it will have to do with aging we
it's like we have a tarot card for every single part of our body like like oh i just had some
hand work done like there's no stigma against that right uh or i don't think there's a stigma against
if you get hair transplants and like you said if it's like if it does if it's not super obvious
i feel like i feel like everybody gets hair transplants i feel like i'd rather i'd rather
have a i'd rather have jude law with hair than jude law without hair but but also but it sucks
for jude law because he like he just missed it by like 10 years you know what i mean like same
thing happened to a young pope he's a young double door the weird thing about it though is that what
is it that we want like what it's like we walk this weird line when we even before we have a
conversation about it with anybody our perceptions walk this strange razor thin line where we're
perceiving another person we want them to have been perfect but so we'll hold it against them
if they've done something to pretend to be perfect but if that something is working out for eight
hours a day they're the best fucking person in the world but if they have no control over it we don't
like if you're boring like it's just so weird the things we hold against people and that we don't
right working out okay but if you're like losing your hair which you have no control over and you
do something to obviously get your hair yeah we've never i don't know what it is but it's like
now i just started like i started i take a picture of the back of my head and then i or i'll see
something in the back of my head i'll go oh god it's such a shock but it's just like it's just
because like oh i didn't i didn't expect that to look that way i didn't expect to see my scalp
so much and it's all it is is just i wanted more control over this i wanted to be like the elves
in the Tolkien universe or i just like decide after a great debate at Rivendell that it's time to
proceed yeah but but like i was ever gonna do anything with my sexy mane of flowing hair but
uh you just see you just see anything that reminds you of the passage of time and you freak out
and you want to you want to scrub it away but we all have we all have friends that have horror
stories of stuff that they've tried done and they they come back and they they hate themselves even
more or but there's probably some stories in there people that just had a grand old time that
they're just like oh did you heard of you know hey kyle you look amazing i can't figure out
what it is i haven't seen in six years the truth i had my lobes swapped uh what yeah i've no one
ever you know look you guys are my friends but i've always had weird lobes i swapped them my left
lobe is my right rope lobe now and you know i'll be god damn you look amazing and he's like yay and
there's a cake in the shape of an ear and everyone's so happy i thought that he had him swapped with
another person but he just had him swapped with himself that's fine wrong they were on that i'm
fine with it but if it's another person that's too vain yeah oh and for god's sake i got jane
sitting in the front row we're all advocates of the of the trans community these are these are
folks that are doing work like it's work that's allowed it's it's not like oh have you heard
what a vain piece of shit they decided they were born in a different gender body so shallow um
i don't know what is my point now we're all gonna die we're all gonna die camille and emily you
guys said you had a heart out it's yeah we have to go can we plug our movie yes of course yes hey it's
called it's called you've got coomail it's got yeah that would have been a good title that would
have been a good title it's called you can watch it with all your amily oh that joke is not in the
movie let's take that out it's called the big sick it comes out june 23rd in select cities in july
14th everywhere so just remember the date for the planet of the apes movie coming out that's when
we come out and if you really want to see apes buy a ticket to our movie sneak the fuck in go see
nobody wants to see a movie about apes who want to see the big sick the big sick emily garden
Kumail Nanjiani thank you so much thank you i'll see you in the new space bye thank you for
emily the reason for us vision happy easter the resurrection
let's bring out duck benson everybody duck that's right
you thought emily and camille couldn't be replaced by one man
don't think it was losing a camille and an emily think of his gaining a benson
you could just grab your hand yeah yeah yeah i the i was so excited about the tongs and then
Doug made a beeline straight from the ice bucket filling up the red solo cup i was like i almost
came in a few times before you introduced me just to get some ice for my drink i've never heard of
like taking the ice bucket from the green room to on stage excluding those of us who are not on stage
yet i'm sorry hey hey dude hey Doug what it is man what's going down oh you know just hanging out
there was emily and camille we're out here i thought of a good one that you've got camille was really
good i thought of kumail lificent would be a good uh hybrid kumanji oh i like kumanji
it's autobiographical there movie it's a little little indie movie yeah it's a little indie movie
that's really autobiographical as opposed to a giant blockbuster that's autobiographical
but it kind of it's about a world where apes take over the world right it's inspired by
their relationship or how it began the quirky it's crazy how good it is have you seen it yeah it's
really it's really amazing how like it's it's almost like uh they made a movie with science
but it's still it's still about the heart though it's still got i can't it's still it's still very
moving Doug very moving experience but it's every joke lands it's so funny it's hilarious you've never
seen the movie at it i saw it at south by southwest where i'm pretty sure i saw you guys yeah yeah
all right well so it is good your story checks out so here's here's some things that aren't
aren't good has anybody been watching the lifetime original mini series Lizzie Borden 2
it's like a reprise of the Lizzie Borden thing with Christina Ricci but it's like they they did
it again i guess they did a they did a movie and then they i would try to watch the it's it's it's
rough it's like it's like it's like a sound like black keys soundtrack like they do that thing
or it's like a period piece but it's like it's like dirty like harmonica like rock and roll kind
of like wow wow wow wow wow wow wow oh evil woman go to evil evil woman like like like while they're
like riding covered wagons it's like barf barf if dan are you trying to use all the words right now
because you were saying a lot of things i don't know where i'm supposed to jump in or if any of us
are supposed to do anything i don't know what are these guys are going to say the scores yeah well i
think are they going to do some color or some updates drug just let it wash over you like a title
i was wondering when you showed up tonight i was like well we'll have doug coming after
camille and Emily leave so i'll be blackout drunk and he'll be so high it's amazing and then like
they'll be perfect communication between when worlds when worlds could have maybe collided
like missed each other by a barn with uh yeah let's check in with but i'm drinking just to try to
fit in look at these guys we changed places it looks better yay it's 936 yeah we wanted to bring
like you know a little bit of flavor to the second half of the show you know it'd be funny we should
have done a bit when we found out we had too much show we should have we should have thrown together
a bit where like police came out and like did a lottery and selected someone for voluntary
removal no and then dragged them off it would have been funny hey hey brandon brandon it's only a bit
yeah until we get to the police car and then the jail and then the judge haha did you guys see the
thing i it's it's so it's so funny that it has to be like a photoshop fake thing but it was i i
it was like the united app updated and somebody and it was somebody retweeted the snap of the united
apps update where it says like new features uh drag and drop feature i can't be it has to be like
just a photoshop bit but it was so perfect they didn't drop that guy they dragged him though do you
guys ever get so angry at society that you're actually you actually get experience pleasure at
something like that like like like just mean deeply confessional don't fucking high road me you millennial
shit facts i will say value my candor i will say that flying a lot made me jump to the uh sure
this guy was being treated poorly but when they said get off our plane and he said no i'm not getting
off the plane he wasn't taking into account all the people on that plane were now going to leave
two hours later and the next plane that was going to take off when that plane got to where it was
going to go is taking off hours later like the longer that guy sat there and resisted getting
off the more people he was inconveniencing through his behavior right but but you're right
they shouldn't oversell the airplane but that's what they do so when somebody comes in and says you
have to get off now but they but they spent that entire time saying we'll give you an $800 rebate
and all this mouth yeah they could have easily they could have kept going higher but some asshole
decided let's stop it there because we're doing a great job i don't know why they even try to do
that like i don't know why so maybe we agree yeah i thought you were throwing the guy that got beaten
half to death under the bus and going like well why didn't that guy consider the needs of all
i am saying that when someone with a badge says to get off of this plane unfortunately you have
to get off the plane fuck that because because because because at that point that's when it's
going to get ugly instead of working it out i think it's important that it got ugly though i mean i
don't think it was what they should have said okay fucking two thousand five thousands eventually
somebody goes ten thousand like the highest bidder they lost so much stock yeah what if what if he went
it was stupid not to just keep driving i'll get off for nine hundred if somebody next to him because
i'll get off for nine hundred dollars well congress at the limit congress actually set the limit at
thirteen fifty thirteen seventy five so yeah so start there that could have easily been the really
funny bit you had that twinkle in your eye really thirteen hundred thirteen seventy five
but they were here forty forty five forty five forty five forty five forty five forty five forty five
fifty five fifty five forty five sixty but they did have to set they did have to set a limit
because the shit did pop off so much so the truth of the matter is they should have had him up at
like twelve they should have gone to the limit but he still wouldn't have gone and it's very important
to him to get home for some reason i'm sorry i'm sorry i grabbed this thing it was because i was
grabbing this holy shit what is that thing i just wanted to say it how many gigawatts is that going
maybe you shouldn't overbook your flights because he's the thing right why is that a business
practice that's because a lot of people don't show up for flights and then they make that money and
then they make that'll i don't know a lot of money then they make that money with an empty seat
but they have chosen to regard an empty seat and free money as lost money because that could
have been another person absolutely and so every christmas they go uh ladies gentlemen just to
remind you we do have a full flight no idea how the fuck that happened you motherfucker you you're
greed you're endless bottomless greed yeah i've been yelling about this forever wait but here's
what happens dan can here's what happens when they do not allow they're not allowed to overbook
flights anymore oh they go out of business because they're so accountable to the laws of capitalism
no they they raise the ticket prices it's gonna cost us money that they can't do that anymore
it's just one situation got fucking out of hand one intransigent chinese doctor to fuck it for the
whole group oh and all the other i don't know how this guy likes to he likes to wear a panties on
his head like well his past has nothing to do with what happened there that turned out to be fake
was it was just racism it was some other guy with the same asian sounding name and they're like must
be the guy listen by the way because they hadn't gotten a statement they didn't know who the guy was
and i don't even know who that guy was but the first thing i thought when i heard his accent and i
saw and he's blood trickling down and he was going like just kill me just kill me i want to go home
i'm like look like like like maybe this is maybe this is also kind of racist of me maybe it's like
like the right kind of racism where i'm like you don't know right when you hold a lottery on a yes
the right kind of racism i.e. consciousness of the possibility of anybody being from yeah he
would they were throwing him off because he was asian well no but i'm saying like you don't know on an international
flight you don't know when you're when you're saying well let's hold a lottery and then let's go up to
somebody like i didn't i was like that do we know about that guy's life like like what trauma he's
endured or his parents or whatever like he could be from anywhere where when that happens it means
you're fucking dead or it's like emotionally i don't mean like he's like bulky and perfect strangers
and he doesn't understand he's a doctor he probably has critical thinking but i'm saying emotionally
he could we could be traumatized bulky perfect strangers anyone yes that guy also on the flight
had so many bitty babkas we tell people when they get on an airplane that they're going past a threshold
when they walk onto that airplane we don't tell them we don't treat the threshold of crossing
into that airplane like it's just going into a bar so you can't bounce people because when you
walk out of that airplane you are told you are put you're told the entire time when you go into the
fucking airport like okay one more threshold at past this point you're allowed to have your bag
search oh this is so important for 30 minutes before boarding don't forget take off your shoes
oh it's 95 percent of the guns get through in a test but fuck it whatever hey we redesigned this
to be more convenient to i think the tsa people i don't know these things don't give you cancer the
guy that built them won't go through them but he disappeared the like just just just just come to
your gate and just do what you're told and you can't take your business elsewhere because you need to
go to a destination and they have a monopoly okay now you're walking down the hall oh class c citizens
go for class d plus now welcoming our platinum plus class plus class plus the rest but not the
global gold buzzer i'm sorry sorry you need to go back oh excuse me this lady jumped in front of me
sir everyone's just trying to get on the plane oh well fuck me for buying a 500 dollar fucking bonus
platinum chip to go on my fucking ticket whatever like oh we're class citizen class class class class
class going through the air vault sir ladies and gentlemen just to remind you when you're gonna
keep proceeding to the back of this airlock since we're gonna snap the bags into place you can't keep
your laptop under this on the day they buckle you in if they come up to you and say hey you've been
selected to get the fuck off the plane i reserve the right considering how everyone else on that
plane dealt with the trauma of watching it the way i would which is to sit there and go nice one
good job pick on someone your own size like if i've that may be my one recourse to heroism is
that i'm the guy that won't get off the fucking plane like and i don't want to think that i'm
inconveniencing everybody at that point i'm gonna be like sorry everybody thanksgiving is
must be celebrating something i know you're all i know you all want to get home to dinner with
your families but maybe this is plymouth rock i i i i'm not i want to see what they do maybe the
plane will grow a third wing what they do maybe they'll admit they're a fucking cartel and an
alaskan airline's jet will pull up and have a magic tube got and half the customers will get
sucked aboard and everything will turn out to be totally monopolized and price fixed like maybe
they can drive their employees across the country there you go like like like maybe they could offer
ten thousand dollars twenty thousand thirty thousand forty thousand maybe they should maybe maybe
holland oats should come aboard like uh like like maybe maybe the plane should turn into a submarine
all i know is i have no control over it you don't you don't want to be a submarine that's bad because
of that but did they did they did they taze the airlines are too big there's too much going on
i i i know but like do you those four or five people made the decision to do that to that guy
it wasn't you know i mean they were following like the corporate structure of the rules but
they could have kept offering more money they stopped at eight hundred dollars yeah they
shouldn't have they could have kept going but somebody was like i'm gonna be a good employee
and save the company money and fuck that person for like not just going to the limit to stop something
like this from happening it would also be nice if the police officers didn't respond with some
sort of corporate hypnosis right they just came in and just were like yeah we'll do it we'll just
get this guy out of here and it's like well why so then when he ran back out of the plane does
anyone learned yet what happened off camera that like i think he just found his way back down the
jetway got on the plane and was but how that is an important what i thought you had him you
they dragged his lifeless body off the plane well i think you can file that under uh end for
not my department the cops go right oh you dragged him off oh and then they're like
my job's to drag people off planes we got him off the plane he wants to get back on that's his business
i love that i just i it's like ghostbusters basement i'll do my job pencil neck you do yours
temple to peck there you know dug dug it sounds like you have a lot of opinions about airplane
travel yeah about about justice about about the criminal justice system about the way that we enact
corporate power over the paying customer yes um also i think you you know Harmontown well enough
to understand that now you are engaged in a angry rap battle oh no yes oh no yes that's all i wanted
to do when i get up here was not rap well and now i've brought on myself sometimes a chinese
doctor just wants to get back to louis look in tucky oh drop a beat oh you guys are groaning
because you think he's using the uh outdated uh racist slur chinese doctor which is what we used
to call italians that hasn't been a racist phrase since the 1860s italian americans are perfectly
fine we don't call them chinese doctors anymore dug dug you don't have to rap but you certainly
have to be here while it happens because dan has a lot of shit to get off his chest i did want to
announce to thank you to all our new subscribers who since we announced it the the week uh by matching
your donations or matching your sign of fees uh when after we announced it we raised uh 21,950
dollars for the aclu oh yeah an argument could be made we were slow on the uptake like that that the
aclu you know there was they had a big windfall but another argument could be made i think money
for the aclu is like toilet paper i don't think it expires and i think it always gets used for
something very important um that we that we don't want to think about a lot even though i haven't
joined yet and i haven't watched fucking atlanta i i i i didn't i need to join the aclu and watch
fucking atlanta i did get out get out get out dammit no get out get out yet i'm so it's gotta be
on apple tv any day now though i let's go so fast i did not know the amount but that makes me very
happy i mean like that that's a lot of money and they know exactly where to put that money so
that's very cool yeah and anybody that listen to the show and thinks that uh donations to the aclu
is is money misspent i would say fuck straight off into the night well i think it would be a good
exercise to use your compulsion for proving things wrong and poking holes with things
research the aclu go go back and find out if you can find corruption or like malfeasance or anything
and i don't say that rhetorically it's just that i've never when when when trump got elected it was
like they were like a lighthouse they were there right away and it was like this is gonna be a
legal battle like like like 90 of this battlefront and uh yeah and and and it was uh it was when it
was at the whatever what am i babbling about whatever but it's it's like there is no there
is no aclu gate there is a you will you will see a history of them being vilified because they
represent civil liberties which sometimes involves defending the rights of people to say and do shit
that uh makes them people you don't like and and we all have like an emotional some people hate it
when you defend the oppressed they are not down with it and the aclu is there to do it like we
will have an emotional like we don't want like like yeah it's like it's hard to be an objective
just like oh you know what i'm in favor of i'm in favor of freedom plain and simple every once in a
while that's gonna make you an advocate of of a loudmouth that's saying like really mean nasty
things uh and stuff like that or or like uh saying that somebody got somebody's trunk we know that
there's something in there but you know what you don't have a fucking right to search it yet because
the important the right to search that person's trunk has to hold stronger like you can't you
can't blow up that right with anything in that trunk even and it's like it's not a popular position
sometimes they're an agency that's always a confederacy that's always like i had like been
fighting for us and like there's a lot of tomatoes that has gotten thrown their ways and and and so
like like i mean they were badasses when i showed up at the airport first yeah that was amazing and
they were miserable because they were there all day and night and people were coming up screaming
at them and like they're doing a shit job for probably not a lot of money or maybe no money at all
and uh that was a rough gig and they sat there and got shit done and had people released out of
custody because they shouldn't have fucking been in the first place um all right and then
you know now and now and now Planned Parenthood is next like we'll have to figure something out we
can't just keep on saying every every dollar that the podcast makes but we'll have to we have to
that's more of a defensive game where we're like you know the ACLU is like let's put money into
the pockets of the people that show up at the briefcases when people are being illegally fucked
with um you know Planned Parenthood is more tragic i'd be quite i'd be quite happy you're
doing the same thing for Planned Parenthood because they need protection more than anybody
right but we can also sort of just want to throw it out local we got to start local it'd be cool if
we started local too because uh then maybe we can have those people on yeah we could set an example
in LA like like blossom out word like with the Planned Parenthood around here you should think
about great proofs from the smartest uh uh sparse man in the world podcast he when he travels he has
Planned Parenthood there at every event like like like organizing and doing stuff like that and i know
that by saying this on a podcast there'll be six assholes that call us baby killers because they're
idiots uh it's it's it's protecting not just women's rights mostly women's healthcare but it's not
just women it's also everybody but mostly it's women's healthcare and the idea that women get
to do what they fucking want and it's also not i mean cody pointed this out to me i didn't i didn't
i don't i don't know nothing from nothing the the the Planned Parenthood they they they've
associated with you don't walk in and get a free abortion you pay for the fucking abortions that
you get there it's not it's not why they're there it's also three percent it's healthcare for poor
people it's it's it's it's it's there it's like they're for for for women that aren't they're
looked at as a as a some kind of pre-existing condition um and it's a place where you can get
the shit that's not paid for the the the the idea that it got wrapped up in a oh well yeah but the
abortion thing that's controversial there was nothing controversial about people being taken
care of and they fucking did it again they unplugged the whole thing yeah it's it's it's about
misogyny plain and simple it's uh that women women are the enemy for some strange reason and
in this regime not just this regime but but for forever and people who made those selling
fetuses videos have been jailed like they've actually been tried and gone to jail and it's
like a not a not a story people know about well i don't know about it what i don't know about the
selling well duck knows about it which is why he's about to do a hardcore rap here we go
wait what
oh
yeah just let it happen i mean duck just let it flow through you
yeah
or dan you want to start maybe maybe dug you can do like a really good start us off for sure
so i am a first trimester fetus
yeah if you're not gonna join us beat us if you're not gonna join us then beat us
yeah i'm a third trimester here to say i'm about to come out in a biological way
it's not about me usually it's more about me
why is pregnancy viewed as something that can happen to someone other than me
i'm a fetus you see but whether i'm a man or woman i will deal one day with pregnancy
when you're making a workforce for your nation it doesn't matter the celebration
this is a really bad dumb rap about an area that shouldn't be wrapped about
it i i don't like the combination tonally my name is peanut jones
peanut jones my name is peanut jones
i'm hard and crunchy good source of protein take me on a hike put me in your trail mix
but don't eat me if you have an allergy to me which is something anyone could say
i am a saltine cracker saltine cracker also don't eat me if you have an allergy to me
that's what i'm saying thank you yeah i got what you were saying anyways my name is peanut jones
and i'm here to say i'd like to spell the word say today s to the a to the y i just spelled the word
i didn't try to wrap this slow or this badly i fucked your mama so hard
i did it sadly i started to cry my tears dripped down on her face as i said why am i fucking you
it's like my partner had died in a cop movie but i was fucking your mom all day and all night long
my name is peanut jones take me seriously i fucked your mama conspiratorily
it was a group of me and a group of them and there was meetings with russians in a hotel back then
Paul Manafort was there he was taking money i saw him go back home and met with uh Donald
rummy spell and he gave some money to uh uh all right let's okay sorry peanut jones all right now
back to abortion all right okay all right you deflected from the topic peanut joe
when the sperm hits the egg what grows first is a leg then another leg next and then two arms
and then the head comes last so you have 30 trimesters one for each finger all right no
peanut joe peanut jones and a doctor y'all peanut jones never went to school
i'm not a prenatal scientist i'm a peanut
but let me i'll tell you just what i know and you disagree there are 140 trimesters
they they shuffle from every four years if there's a leap trimester
that's when irish people are born every four years also peanut jones is racist
but i love the irish so it's not racism racism develops in the 45th trimester
it coincides with fingernails and a nervous system because and this isn't a popular opinion
race is real more real than potassium
the mother takes in race and through the umbilical cord race goes into the baby
that's how babies become racial
and races my name is peanut jones i'm here to spread information about fetuses
it's kind of racist peanut joe peanut joe bring it down dug bring it down dug bring it down dug
i flow like mad on a dragon's breath i'm gonna breathe fire on your mother's death i'm gonna
star into the sky i'm gonna breathe down and i don't know why i go from castle to castle tell
i'm king i fucked your mama with a diamond ring put everything on my finger i'm gonna linger
i fucked your mama telling i got a stinger come on i'm on dick allergic to pollen
yo motherfucker falling it's like a mc he's never gonna go down go through the moon door to the
they have a frown fuck fuck you fuck fuck everybody fuck fuck every race
starting with white people take it get me hurry down everybody has been a shot
it's here for jug benson everybody jug benson
benson Rob Schrab
emily gordon Kumail Nanjiani yes
brandon johnson Spencer Crittenden everybody spencer
jerry cook for bringing me absinthe and booze thank you very much jen
join us next week when we have nobody apparently right i mean it would be no we have a cavalcade
of nobody okay all right i'm jeff davis your comptroller your mayor is Dan Harmon
tonight's beat is by zack McKeever backstage thank you we'll see you next time one more time
from meltdown comics dry fast take chances
did you get any of that it's a good show
Feral Audio